Updates to C++ API Guidelines, covering Context and other changes. (#7619)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/cpp/implementation.md

};
{% endhighlight %}

> Note that modifying the enumerators in an enumeration is considered a breaking change, if the enumerators in an enumeration may change over time, using an Extendable Enumeration is preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that modifying the enumerators in an enumeration is considered a breaking change, if the enumerators in an enumeration may change over time, use an Extendable Enumeration instead.
```
